we've teamed up with expert local
trackers who are taking us deep into the
forest one of our guide reckons there's
a tree down here a fig tree that's in
fruit right now and it Oh prints we
already have this place so there's some
some really really clear prints and very
fresh as well those are this morning
for sure so they're close
let's go
so what I was saying before was as a fig
tree down here and it's in fruit at the
moment so this would be a really good
place to try and find the chimps
and as we get closer we find another
clue it's part of the thing which has
been left behind by a chimp it's another
good sign all the signs are pointing
this way and then we hear the haunting
calls yes and spot dark shapes up in the
branches
fantastic that is the chimpanzee long
haul it's just this excited whale that
builds and builds and builds we are
utterly surrounded and being pelted for
bugs with figs up since first light
these chimps are now gorging themselves
on ripe figs for breakfast oh no this is
what are we expect in the forest it was
that figure with that poo out it's fake
no I'm sorry little but that is not fig
that is impure and they're just clouded
me right in the face I have a feeling
this is how our day is going to go again
right well what I can tell you from
looking at this dropping is that at the
moment these chimps are feeling almost
exclusively on fig it's kind of mushy I
mean it almost looks like a squelched up
thing itself but that isn't always the
case in fact here less than half of the
chimps diet is made up from fruit well
they actually feed on and off another
time is monkeys and even small antelope